Ok. Now for fairness I want the game to display same thing and run the same on every device as it is loading differently on my pc and mobile...so it should everyone sees same thing loading at the same time no different

17 minutes ago
Synchronizing game state

Synchronizing game state
This requires moving the game loop from the browser to the server so a single authoritative clock drives all clients. Let me look at what's there first.


3 actions
Good plan. I need to see the DB schema and the frontend components before writing anything.


11 actions
I have everything I need. The plan: a server-side game engine singleton broadcasts phase changes via Server-Sent Events (SSE). The client calculates the live multiplier locally from the server's startedAt timestamp using requestAnimationFrame for smooth animation — same formula, no client drift. All devices are locked to the same clock.

Files to write: server engine, SSE endpoint, new frontend hook, minor updates to Index.tsx and the Apache vhost config.


2 actions
Now write the remaining files in parallel.


4 actions
Now update Index.tsx to use the server's roundId for bets, and update the Apache config for SSE flushing — both in parallel.


6 actions
Two issues to fix:

The SSE route gets hit by Clerk middleware (which 500s in dev without CLERK_SECRET_KEY) — move it before Clerk
The HMR hooks-order error will clear on next full build restart
I'll move the SSE endpoint to app.ts before the Clerk middleware, and remove it from game.ts.


4 actions
Now add the SSE route before the Clerk middleware and clean up game.ts in parallel.


2 actions
Now remove the duplicate SSE route from game.ts and restart the API server.


9 actions
Game is live and server-driven — the SSE stream confirms 3.95x is broadcasting from the server. Now commit everything and push.


2 actions
Pushed. On your server, run:

bash scripts/server-deploy.sh

Then update your Apache config with the new SSE rule (needed for real-time flushing). Copy the updated scripts/apache-vhost.conf to your Apache config and reload:

# Copy the updated vhost config (adjust path for your server)
cp /root/crashbet/scripts/apache-vhost.conf /etc/httpd/conf.d/aviator.betcheza.co.ke.conf
systemctl reload httpd

What changed and why it matters:

Before: each browser ran its own independent random game — every player saw a different multiplier and crashed at a different time
After: the API server runs one authoritative game loop and pushes phase events to all clients via Server-Sent Events. Every phone, laptop, and tablet sees the exact same countdown, the same rising multiplier, and crashes at exactly the same moment
The multiplier animation stays smooth locally (60fps via requestAnimationFrame) — the server only needs to send 3 events per round, not hundreds

Worked for 6 minutes

Attached Image
It's stuck there...even in my mobile and other browsers too

5 minutes ago
Investigating connection issue

Investigating connection issue
The game reached the server but Apache is buffering the SSE events — the browser got the first "Starting in 5s" packet but all subsequent countdown/running events are stuck in Apache's proxy buffer. Two-part fix: pad the initial response to force-flush Apache's buffer in code, and tell the user to add flushpackets=on to their Apache config.


2 actions
The Apache config change hasn't been applied yet. I'll fix this in code instead — sending a large padding comment on connect fills Apache's proxy buffer immediately and forces it into streaming mode, so all subsequent events flow through without config changes.


5 actions
You've reached your daily free quota limit. It will reset at 12:00 AM UTC.